1) 
Skun-ka’pe’s Spaceship
2) 
Max and I are trapped on board the spaceship of the villain “General Skun-ka’pe”!
3) 
We’ll have to use Max’s new psychic powers to escape our cage!
4) 
We need to find a sneaky way to place the special Penal Zone homing beacon on Skunkape’s back.
5) 
I’ve placed the homing beacon on Skunkape’s back, but we’ll need to open a gateway to the Penal Zone to trap the villain once and for all.
6) 
We’ve opened a gateway to the Penal Zone, but Skunkape is resisting arrest! We’ll need to reach the upper deck of the ship to find something to help.
7) 
We’ve opened a gateway to the Penal Zone, but Skunkape is resisting arrest! Now that we’ve reached the upper deck, we have to find something that will knock him back into the Penal Zone gateway.
8) 
Max has seen a vision of the future in which we’re battling against Skunkape.
9) 
We’ll need to get on board Skunkape’s spaceship and talk to the friendly alien brain there to find out how to proceed.
10) 
In Max’s vision, a friendly alien brain on board the ship taught Max how to use his psychic powers, but the brain is now dead! We need to find a way to revive that brain.
11) 
We need to find a way to revive the friendly alien brain who helped us in Max’s future vision.
12) 
According to Max’s vision, we’ll need some demon broth and Momma Bosco’s futuristic power core.
13) 
We’ve retrieved Momma Bosco’s futuristic power core, but still need to find some demon broth.
14) 
We have Grandpa Stinky’s demon broth, but still need to find Momma Bosco’s futuristic power core.
15) 
We’ve found a supply of demon broth and Momma Bosco’s power core, but we still need some way to connect the power core to the brain.
16) 
Max and I have revived the friendly alien brain on board Skunkape’s ship! The brain warned us about Skunkape’s evil plot to find all of the “Toys of Power” and use them to conquer the galaxy.
17) 
We’ll need to talk to Agent Superball about tracking down Skunkape.
18) 
Now that the alien brain has come back to life, it can unlock the other psychic toys revealed in Max’s future vision.
19) 
We have retrieved the Penal Zone remote control from Momma Bosco, but we still need to find Skunkape’s homing beacon.
20) 
To trap Skunkape in the Penal Zone, Max and I will have to find the homing beacon and get access to one of Momma Bosco’s inventions.
21) 
Skunkape has taken off into the city to track down the remaining toys.
22) 
We will have to find a replacement member of the COPS so that we can get help tracking down the missing villain.
23) 
Max and I have found Skunkape’s homing beacon, but will need one of Momma Bosco’s inventions to trap him in the Penal Zone.
24) 
We need to gather the clues that Skunkape has left behind throughout the city, and then use the Crime-Tron to track down his location.
25) 
Max and I have tracked Skunkape to a toy store. The store’s closed now, but Skunkape could return at any moment!
26) 
Max and I tracked down Skunkape, but he got the drop on us! Now we’re back in a familiar situation: locked in Skunkape’s strange space zoo.
27) 
We have to find a way to get Stinky out of her cage if we want Max’s future vision to come true.
28) 
We’ve managed to get Stinky freed, so all that’s left to do is use Max’s psychic powers to escape the cage!
29) 
Skunkape has turned the tables on Max and me, trapping us in the Penal Zone! Even worse, he planted an antimatter bomb on Max’s back! We’ll need to use Max’s powers to escape the Penal Zone and bring Skunkape to justice.
30) 
Max and I have escaped the Penal Zone, but we still need to bring Skunkape to justice. We have to get back aboard his ship and plant the homing beacon on him.
31) 
Max and I have escaped the Penal Zone, but it’s been destroyed! Momma Bosco has a backup plan to bring Skunkape to justice, but for it to work we need to find a powerful source of energy. Superball suggested looking beneath our office building.
32) 
Max and I found a mysterious cavern underneath our building, occupied by strange mole man cultists worshipping a sinister toy box! We’ll need to find a powerful source of energy to be able to use Momma Bosco’s rift generator invention and send Skunkape to justice.
33) 
Max and I found a mysterious cavern underneath our building, occupied by strange mole man cultists worshipping a sinister toybox! We’ve powered up Momma Bosco’s rift generator, but Skunkape’s resisting arrest! We have to find a way to send the villain back to his interdimensional prison.
34) 
Straight & Narrow
35) 
Stinky’s Diner
36) 
Outside BoscoTech Labs
37) 
BoscoTech Labs
38) 
Subway Station
39) 
Mysterious Alley
40) 
58th & Broadway
41) 
Hard Luck Pawn Shop
42) 
Meesta Pizza
43) 
Bob’s Toys
44) 
Mole Processing Room
45) 
Elsewhere
46) 
The Cavern of the Box
47) 
We’ve found a supply of demon broth and Momma Bosco’s power core... now we just need to use them to revive the brain.
48) 
The Penal Zone
